Update testing notes in PR template (#7368)
FreeTubeApp/FreeTube: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- Has this pull request been tested? -->
<!-- Please describe shortly how you tested it. -->
<!-- Are there any ramifications remaining? -->

> <!-- Please provide test cases that others can use to validate your pull request! For examples see, https://github.com/FreeTubeApp/FreeTube/pull/5743, https://github.com/FreeTubeApp/FreeTube/pull/7349, https://github.com/FreeTubeApp/FreeTube/pull/5125, https://github.com/FreeTubeApp/FreeTube/pull/7338 -->

Reviewer: Oh also remove the 3 lines above
```suggestion
<!-- Please provide instructions so that others can ensure that your pull request would produce correct results. For examples see, https://github.com/FreeTubeApp/FreeTube/pull/5743, https://github.com/FreeTubeApp/FreeTube/pull/7349, https://github.com/FreeTubeApp/FreeTube/pull/5125, https://github.com/FreeTubeApp/FreeTube/pull/7338 -->
```
